Update banner-notifications.mdx (#2363)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/templates/banner-notifications.mdx

import {  BestPracticeGroup, Example } from '../../layouts';
import {
  BannerNotificationCritical,
  BannerNotificationDoExample,
  BannerNotificationDontExample,
  BannerNotificationInfo,
  BannerNotificationWarning,
  BannerNotificationDiagram,
} from '../../examples';

Banner Notifications are comprised of the following elements:

<Example
  caption="Diagram illustrating the three parts composing of a Banner Notification."
  plain
>
  <BannerNotificationDiagram />
</Example>

> 1. [**Status Indicator**](n/templates/status-indicator) an icon made of a shape, color and content to capture the user’s attention

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [**Status Indicator**](/templates/status-indicator) - an icon made of a shape, color and content to capture the user’s attention.
```

2. **Message** is a short description explaining the issue
3. **Close Button** (optional) is used to dismiss the notification

## When to use

Consider using Banner Notifications in the following use cases:

- Scheduled maintenance within the system or platform
- Subscription expiration
- Feature releases

## When not to use

Don’t use Banner Notifications in the following use cases:

- Device component failures
- Task related alerts
- To show if task is successful. Instead, use [Toast Notifications](/templates/toast-notifications).

## Guidelines

### Format

- Place below global header.
- Show one banner at a time.
- Implement inline with the page content to ensure no other content is obscured.
- Limit to 192 characters to avoid truncation. Content will be restricted to a single line. If there is insufficient width for the whole message, it will be truncated.

### Things to Avoid

- Do not allow dismissal of the banner (`onClose`) when information is critical (such as potential access loss).
- Do not stack banners on top of one another; use a single banner at a time.

### Behavior

> - Never sticky, should scroll when there is other content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Never sticky, should scroll when there is other content.
```

- When clicked, should direct user to notification center when clicked.
- When dismissed, should remove the banner from the screen but the notification will still exist in the notification center.

### Placement

- Banner notifications should always be located directly below the Global Header, above the Page Header.

## Variants

### Informational

Used when there is a:

- New feature
- Upcoming release

<Example
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/namevaluelist?theme=hpe#pairProps"
  code={[
    "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/namevaluelist/Examples/NameValueListReadMoreExample.js",
  ]}

>   github="https://github.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/tree/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/namevaluelist/Examples/NameValueListReadMoreExample.js"

Reviewer: Need to adjust github links

- Scheduled maintenances (good for persistent)

<Example
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/namevaluelist?theme=hpe#pairProps"
  code={[
    "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/namevaluelist/Examples/NameValueListReadMoreExample.js",
  ]}
  github="https://github.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/tree/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/namevaluelist/Examples/NameValueListReadMoreExample.js"
  height={{ min: 'small' }}
>
  <BannerNotificationCritical />
</Example>

### Warning

Used to warn the user about:

- Subscriptions about to expire (can be dismissed)
- Session timeout

<Example
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/namevaluelist?theme=hpe#pairProps"
  code={[
    "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/namevaluelist/Examples/NameValueListReadMoreExample.js",
  ]}
  github="https://github.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/tree/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/namevaluelist/Examples/NameValueListReadMoreExample.js"
  height={{ min: 'small' }}
>
  <BannerNotificationWarning />
</Example>

## Do’s and Don’ts

> <BestPracticeGroup>

Reviewer: Think the Do and Don't should stack one on top of each other so give the banner a more realistic width.

import { Anchor } from 'grommet';
import {  BestPracticeGroup, Example } from '../../layouts';
import {
  BannerContentLayoutExample,
  BannerNotificationCritical,
  BannerNotificationCriticalClose,
  BannerNotificationDoExample,
  BannerNotificationDontExample,
  BannerNotificationInfo,
  BannerNotificationWarning,
  BannerNotificationWarningClose,
  BannerNotificationDiagram,
} from '../../examples';

<Example
  showResponsiveControls={['fullScreen']}
  // height, width, and screenContainer.scale value chosen to best visually 
  // represent the example
  height="650px"
  width="100%"
  caption="An example of a dashboard with a Global Banner warning the user that their subscription is expiring. The user can either dismiss the notification or click on the anchor to renew their subscription."
  screenContainer={{ scale: 0.57 }}
>
  <BannerContentLayoutExample />
</Example>

## Guidelines

Global Banners are high-attention notifications used primarily for status updates on background processes and upcoming system changes and releases.

> Global Banners are used to showcase Warning and Critical statuses. They are also a mechanism for informational alerts. Depending on the severity of the information, they may remain persistent across multiple sessions or be dismissable by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Global Banners are used to showcase Warning and Critical statuses or informational alerts. Depending on the severity of the information, they may remain persistent across multiple sessions or be dismissible by the user.
```

## Anatomy
<Example
  caption="Diagram illustrating the four parts composing of a Banner Notification."
  plain
>
  <BannerNotificationDiagram />
</Example>

1. Status Indicator is an icon made of a shape and color to capture the user’s attention
2. Message is a short description explaining the issue
3. Anchors (optional)  are used to direct users to links related to the notification
4. Close Button (optional) is used to dismiss the notification

## Best Practices 
### Placement

> - Always located directly below the Global Header without a gap and should not obscure any underlying content or action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Always located directly below the Global Header without a gap and should be implemented inline with content so no content or actions are obscured.
```

> - Can persist across multiple sessions until dismissed if necessary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Can persist across multiple sessions until dismissed if necessary.
```

### Format

> - Only show one banner at a time

Reviewer: These should all have "." period at the end.

- Global Banners should stay within the 192 character limit
- Long text is not truncated but instead will wrap on smaller screen sizes
- Anchors are left-aligned and will wrap alongisde the text
- Use only two or fewer anchors
- Utilize writing guide to stay within character count as well as the writing effective content guidance for appropriate language

### Behavior
- Never sticky and should scroll when there is other content
- The background spans the full width of the screen, but the content resizes alongside the Global Header

## When should you use Global Banners?

> Since Global Banners take over the top of an interface and can be intrusive, they should be reserved only for important system generated updates. Also when applicable, Global Banners should always have a relevant anchor(s) to direct users to further actions or to view more about the issue in full detail.

Reviewer: It seems this section should just be under "Guidelines"? and this header is unnecessary.

> ### Informational

Reviewer: I feel like all of these should be listed under an h2 called "Variants" like we do for other pages.

Reviewer 2: thats fair I can rework the page to match what we have

  height={{ min: 'small' }}
>
  <BannerNotificationCritical />
</Example>

### Warning
- subscriptions about to expire
- session timeout

<Example
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/templates/banner-notification/Examples/BannerNotificationInfo.js"
  github="https://github.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/tree/master/aries-site/src/examples/templates/banner-notification/Examples/BannerNotificationInfo.js"
    caption="An example of a Global Banner that is dismissable and has a relevant anchor."
  height={{ min: 'small' }}
>
  <BannerNotificationWarningClose />
</Example>

<Example
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/templates/banner-notification/Examples/BannerNotificationInfo.js"
  github="https://github.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/tree/master/aries-site/src/examples/templates/banner-notification/Examples/BannerNotificationInfo.js"
  height={{ min: 'small' }}
  caption="An example of a Global Banner that is not dismissable but provides an anchor for the user to solve the issue."
>
  <BannerNotificationWarning />
</Example>

> ### Do not use Global Banners for:

Reviewer: Should this be under "Guidelines"?

Completion of tasks, such as long running or batch actions
Success or failure confirmations
Low-attention and low-severity information

For low-severity notifications that do not require user action or user attention such as confirmation receipts, instead use Toast Notifications.

> ## Things to Avoid

Reviewer: Why is this an h2? shouldn't it be under "Guidelines" as an h3

- Do not use use close icon when information is important and needs to remain persistent. Also consider whether or not the information should remain persistent across multiple sessions
- Global Banners are not clickable, instead use anchors to direct users to take further action or to view the issue in full detail
- Overly long notifications can take up lots of screen real estate on smaller screens

## Do’s and Don’ts

<BestPracticeGroup columns='auto' gap="none">
  <Example

>     bestPractice={{type: 'do', message: 'Global Banners should always have relevant anchors (two or fewer is recommended). Also, low-severity notifications should not remain persistent and instead be dismissable.'}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    bestPractice={{type: 'do', message: 'Global Banners should always have an anchor (or anchors) that is relevant to resolving the notification. It is not recommended to use more than two anchors. Also, low-severity notifications should be dismissible.'}}
```
